# True Neutral Tower

**TNT** (short for **T**rue **N**eutral **T**ower) is a BP that's slightly
inspired by Luna's "Infinity Assured Destroyer" (borf version). This
variant of IAD uses ultimate skills to add to the tower's crowd control
capabilities.

## The Blueprint

Import code:
```
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
```

### Module Setup Explanation

LOSO Drone System and Something provide extra kills for maximum
crowd-controlling capabilities. Since these are ultimate active modules, they
are negatively impacted by Borf and therefore require some forms of CDR. The
Low Tide module will provide part of the required CDR.

With Low Tide hogging much of the tower's energy, we need Energy Recycling
and Power Conversion so the tower can spam all its skills. Dispel is mostly
setup for Defense Overload, much like in the original IAD.

Fire Armor is meant for early-mid Infinity, where we do not have yet brought
all era costs down to zero. It effectively neutralizes the threat of Fire
elementals exploding on the tower, which is very important because Fire
attacks **ignore shields** and the tower's HP is **much** lower than its
shield.

Power of the Cat is here as a safety net; its layers can recharge at a
consistent rate, so it's more reliable than Daigoparry in that department.

Attack Speed, Quantum Speed and Rapidfire are only here for projectile speed
since penalties to APS get shifted to projectile speed when we use Borf.

### Recommended Anvil Setup

For this blueprint you might want a lock on `Max Shield` on early Infinity
to deal with the few occasional hits. Obviously spend lots of yellow frags on
`CDR` to help Dispel proc Defense Overload more consistently. This also helps
with spamming the two "Super" skills for even more kills.

If you're worried about not being able to one-tap anymore, lock `Neutral DF`
and/or farm red frags for more `Neutral DF`. You can also try farming purple
frags for `Generic DF` though while both multipliers stack, the generic one
is much weaker.

## AI

TBD

## Changelog

`0.1`: Introduced. Added BP code and documentation. Added this changelog.